Web Push Notification update with new options and images/badge/icons … (#292)
mautic/documentation: en/notifications/README.md

##### 2. Setup app Website Push Platforms in you app

> ![](/notifications/media/notification-setup1.PNG)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![notification setup](media/notification-setup1.PNG)
```

Reviewer: Repeat for other image links.

See new [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/mautic/documentation/CONTRIBUTING.md) for updates on image links.

> https://yourmauticurl.tld/manifest.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://example.com/manifest.json
```

https://yourmauticurl.tld/OneSignalSDKWorker.js
https://yourmauticurl.tld/OneSignalSDKUpdaterWorker.js

### Settings

> Mautic 2.14.1 added manage notification images and action buttons. Just read tooltip with every new field on add/edit notification with basic info about upload image format and size. Use preview button  and see How It should generate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mautic 2.14.1][release-2.14.1] added manage notification images and action buttons. Read the tooltip for every new field in add/edit notification for basic information about upload image format and size.

Use the preview button and test generation. 

[release-2.14.1]: <https://github.com/mautic/mautic/releases/tag/2.14.1>

```
